{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Anna Alberti\
Aca5z\
12/5/2021\
\
One constructive suggestion for how to improve this course would be to consider the ordering of pre, in, and post lab assignments. I found that there were some weeks when the in-lab was overwhelmingly the majority of the lab, yet we only had 1 day or 1 lab session to complete it. If the in-labs were designed to take the time of a lab session, I think it would make more sense to have time to focus on the post-lab which we had multiple days to work on in the week. \
\
Obviously, students have the lab PDR available to them for the entire semester and can take advantage of that. I often found myself completing the pre-lab over the weekend and giving myself Sunday night, Monday night, and Tuesday to finish the in-lab. This worked for me but for students who were a bit busier than I was or don\'92t manage their time super well, I\'92m not sure how they found the time to complete the assignments. \
\
This course was very challenging (and I mean that in a good way!). I have learned so much and have really been pushed to think in ways that I never have before. I honestly think the intensity and intimidation of the course made me care about it a lot more (even though I\'92m taking 4 credit courses, I put way more effort into this class oops!!). \
\
I also went to office hours a lot, and it was so helpful. The TAs are great and have really made this course so valuable for me. I will admit that there were some frustrating nights at office hours. Sometimes it felt a bit understaffed for how long the queue was or other times when the queue was not very long but the TAs spend 30+ mins with each student, so it took hours to get help. But, I understand that TAs are students too and overall I have really good things to say about 2150 TAs and office hours in general. }